Turn the method into one Minimum High-Signal Context Pack.
It has six parts: Outcome, Operating Rules, Tool Map, Canonical Examples, Retrieval Index, and Working State.
The pack is small enough to inspect and complete enough to guide real work.
Part one is Outcome.
State the goal, intended user, deliverable, acceptance criteria, and the decision the result must support.
This prevents a fluent Agent from optimizing for an attractive output that does not solve the actual problem.
Part two is Operating Rules.
Record hard constraints, permissions, risk boundaries, escalation points, and stop conditions.
Separate permanent rules from temporary assumptions so an old workaround does not silently become policy.
Part three is the Tool Map, paired with Canonical Examples.
For each tool, explain when to use it, what input it expects, what efficient output looks like, and which nearby tool it does not replace.
Add two or three examples that show the main pattern and an important boundary.
Part four is the Retrieval Index.
Store lightweight handles to source material with a short purpose label and a trigger for opening it.
The Agent should know both where the evidence lives and when the evidence becomes necessary.
Part five is Working State.
Record completed work, current focus, key decisions and evidence, unresolved questions, failed approaches, and the next concrete action.
Update this state at milestones, then compact or archive the raw trace it replaces.
First, anchor the AI Agent with Outcome and Operating Rules.
Second, guide action with a Tool Map, Canonical Examples, and a Retrieval Index.
Third, preserve continuity with a compact, regularly updated Working State.